update readme for 1.0 release (#286)
sigstore/sigstore-js: README.md

# sigstore-js

> A tool for signing and verifying signatures using JavaScript.

Reviewer: Something to clarify this is specifically for sigstore
```suggestion
A JavaScript library and CLI for signing and verifying Sigstore signatures.
```

Author: 👍
